# Chapter 13

Sunitha and Matty settled into a rhythm of skiing, then talking on the lift back up the top of blue or red diamond slopes. Matty was graceful on skis, choosing paths through the drifted show different than she would have chosen had she not been following the older woman's lead. She knew how to steer with her weight, rather than the poles or skis, using the shape of the moguls to make her turns.

They both had nervous energy to work off. There was only about a half hour left before it got too dark to sky, while the views from the lifts would get exponentially better. Sunitha was still almost uncomfortably warm beneath her suit, gloves, boots, and hat. Matty had told her that her family was going to arrive later that night, around when the surf-rock band the Glider Guns were opening for would be on stage.

She'd also told Sunitha about the trip to Blue Lake with Babacar and Marcus, although they had walked ahead, only meeting them on the way back. They'd used separate rented cars to carpool, but had agreed to meet at the lake for lunch, but apparently Matty had taken them down a side-path to look at some recent clear-cuts. She'd been demonstrating a biological survey app that correlated population and air-quality data in real-time, uploading the results into the open-source database clouds. They'd run into some environmental activists were staging a small-scale protest, trying to get pictures on their phones where it looked like there were more of them than there actually were.

That had been all of the story Sunitha had gotten from her on the most recent ride back up on the ski lift. Sunitha had fallen over getting off, but it was a controlled fall into light snow, and Matty helped her up without remark.

Now they were on their way back up, admiring the spring sunset, after the jolt of the lift chair touching the back of her knees, always jarring no matter how much she was expecting it.

"Marcus was right," Sunitha said, unzipping the neck of her coat.

"About what?"

"When he was arguing with those trolls in the livestream, when they were calling us ski yuppies, Marcus had said they were thinking of Vail. He told them that Breckenridge had been taken over by snow boarders."

"Oh!" Matty said. "I just got it."

"What?"

"Board rock. The name of the band, or maybe the type of music. I thought people were saying 'bored rock' or that it had something to do with Marcus's table games. But it's rock for snowboarders."

"I need to tell you something. I should have mentioned it before, especially with your family coming. Our friend in Luxembourg, Nico? The Daemon Dao guy? He said that Chase was in danger. I don't know how seriously to take it, but they said people might try to kill him tonight. You said the protesters seemed a little strange, right? Like some of them might have been paid?"

"Oh god," Matty said. "Marcus told them where we were staying."

This time, it was Matty that fell over getting off the lift.

___
