"They're completely drained," Sunitha said. "All of his accounts."

"This is what I was expecting," Nico typed, still a flamingo. Sunitha knew she was interrupting his sleep schedule, but it was an emergency.

"What do you mean?" It was strange talking to a phone and then waiting for the messages to appear, but she'd refused to go into VR or AR, or use anything but her voice.

She stared a the phone, while the words "Nico is typing..." appeared.

"Look, there are some heavy hitters at play here. They must have seen the live stream last night, and knew that Chase would be hung over. Vulnerable."

"That doesn't make sense," Sunitha said, closing the door to the private room off the Snowfoot restaurant, where they'd done the live stream. The staff had agreed to let them use it as a practice/recording studio for the day, in exchanging for doing a half-set as an opener for a different bad (surf-rock, ironically) later that evening.

Sunil had headphones on, lost in the remix. Chase was in the opposite corner, staring at his phone. "It wasn't just him. It was this entire liquidity pool he was involved with. Sunil says you can track the wallets. The exploit was actually published 12 hours ago, on some hacker site, but no one was saying anything, because they knew as soon as people found out the price would crash. So it didn't have anything to do with the link he clicked last night. It wasn't targeted." Chase looked up at her, gratefully. She took off another layer of the clothes she'd put on to go skiing, unwrapping a scarf and unzipping a hoodie.

"We still think it was," appeared on her phone. "There's no information. It might not be a bad idea if you canceled the show tonight. You all should leave, go to a different resort."

"Are you serious? And can you please turn off that filter. It's a little spooky to see daemon horns on a flamingo."

"Yes, sorry, my dear. I forgot that was on." The usual castle backdrop was replaced with an ocean relecting a clear, almost painfully blue sky. Nico the flamingo bobbed up and down on the waves. The avatar was wearing sunglasses, with whatever Nico was looking at projected in reverse on the lenses, as if they were AR goggles.

"Sadly, I am serious. It's my fault, I'm afraid, or at least the DAOs fault. There are some heavy hitters involved in this now. We've poked something with a stick that should not have been poked."

"You summoned a daemon?" Sunitha asked.

"No. Well, yes, actually, now that you've mentioned it. Those trolls in the stream. Some of them were a branch of the pseudoghost code."
